snaps you forget the easy first now now
they have to do it the hard way
world wide receivers in for Rutgers on
their opening drive of the game savage
with a lot of time and he finds us
that's a Lewis and really has turned
this program around so now it's a third
and 13 for savage sanu lined up in the
right slot javax throws underneath
Sturdivant with the coverage and it's
incomplete unfortunate when you look at
the guys the Carolina does have on the
field two guys really stand out to a
quan Sturdivant number 52 on the
coverage right there now that she has
three of them this season good enough
for 14 yards in the first down here sanu
back in instead of savage hangs on to it
so fast he ran away from the initial
wave of trouble but Quan Sturdivant
who's a terrific athlete himself was
able to run him down carolina defense
depleted by six starters not being
eligible to play right now
again Bates to stop once amoo a lot of
stuff you can get to in three hours look
forward to that coming up on Tuesday at
one and then it's a rerun at seven
Eastern here's a third and five now wear
the Scarlet Knights savage remaining at
quarterback we've seen sanu a lot in
their wildcat formation and in the
pistol today savage over the middle and
he goes and completes it to who
go up in the air bring it down in front
of Quan Sturdivant it's been pretty much
a one-man show for Rutgers all fence day
weather is a quarterback or as you see
him here in number six sanu at the
receiver position and that's the type of
flow
Ruggiano thought that savaged his
sophomore quarterback was pressing a
little bit as this season began singing
Smurfs attack we'll get some
six defensive starters who still have
not been cleared to play under
allegations of academic misconduct and
or benefits preferential treatment still
being sorted out by the n-c-double-a
Jordan Thomas with the care and on the
board and keep them very much in this
game Johnny white has been mr.
everything from North Carolina sanu
again in the Wildcat gets it up to the
29th still in there this time he hands
it off to Jonathan ethnic group has been
slowed by a hurt ankle it really looked
early in the game they were caught off
balance with the Wildcat they weren't
able to do much and then they kind of
figure him out in the second corner but
while Rutgers went in at halftime
obviously made some adjustments as well
got Martin making love in the drives
they have done absolutely nothing only
88 yards total here they are at the 34
yard line another high snap handled by
sanu
catapults himself inside the 13 who
stays out there this time he hands it
off stopped a couple yards short of the
first down is Jordan Thomas so here it
is third and two
and sanu runs for the floors down he's
in there for and he's out of the game
again sanu now back in for Rutgers
with fake he hung on to it and got down
closer to the 20 yard line sheen
Robinson who's thrown one pass it was
early in this game he completed it 47
yards another high snap he's looking to
throw again
and was snowed under by stuart events
and the fans are not happy about what
they're seeing and the interception went
through the hands of jeremy board giving
rutgers a football here's your first
play of the fourth quarter
savage
protection breaks down he's going to
have to keep it
or he's been taking a beating this